README.md, before:

## Cluster Innovation Centre's Month of Code

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/duskybomb/CMoC/blob/master/Beta_white.png?raw=true" width ="512px" height ="auto">
</h1>

Cluster Innovation Centre's Month of Code, CMoC for short, is a coding program organised by HashInclude, IT Society of Cluster Innovation Centre to celebrate open source, as well as guide students for the Google's Annual Programme, Google Summer of Code.

### Timeline  
  
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      10 January- 18 January
    </td>
    <td>
      Mentor Registration 
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <strike>20 January</strike>
      21 January
    </td>
    <td>
      Final Mentor List displayed
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <strike>20 January </strike> 21 January  - 28 January
    </td>
    <td>
      Student Registration  
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      01 February - 13 February 
    </td>
    <td>
      First half of coding period and distribution of resources for GSoC
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      14 February
    </td>
    <td>
      Mid-Term evaluation and Valentine's day surprize!
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      15 February - 28 February
    </td>
    <td>
      Second half of coding period and further mentoring for GSoC
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      01 March - 05 March
    </td>
    <td>
      Wrap up weekend with release of best performances, and an ending note
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
  

### Objectives

The objectives of this program are, 

•  Introduce students to Free and Open Source Software.

•  Inculcate good coding habits in the students.

•  Teach the students about the required tools, such as GitHub. 

•  Connect students to experienced GSoC developers who act as a mentor and guide them during this one month.

•  Preparing them for the Google Summer of Code! 

•  To revive or rejuvenate open source projects.


### Manuals 

The mentor manual can be found [ here ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U3g5JEL70MWFSpdk864NgAA_21gkbUV2/view?usp=sharing).  
The student manual can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aZLLrRGyHBTnkwhpXNhZgAZmEliN7xPZ/view?usp=sharing)

### Registration

Mentor Registration closed!  

For students, register [here!](https://goo.gl/forms/Ri0VMYBDappWpC1p1) 

### List of Projects available

| Mentor                              | Project 1                                                      | Project 2                                                      | Project 3                                                               |
|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Ankit Jain                        |[Open Chat](https://github.com/ankitjain28may/openchat) (PHP)                   | [Social Media Review Platform](https://github.com/ankitjain28may/Social-Media-Review-Platform) (PHP) | [Code Pad](https://github.com/ncs-jss/Code-Pad) (PHP)                                    |
| Yash Nisar                        | [Coala Bears](https://github.com/coala/coala-bears) (Python, JAVA, C)                          | [Coala](https://github.com/coala/coala) (Python)                                  |                                                                         |
| Ankit Kumar                       | [Alchem](https://github.com/alchemsynergy/alchem) (JAVA)                       | [Helpline Services](https://github.com/Ankitkumar94/Helpline-Services) (JAVA)             |                                                                         |
| Sushil Khanchi                    | [Smvdu Algorithms](https://github.com/khanchi97/Smvdu-Algos) (C++, C, Python, JAVA)                      |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Dhruv Apte                        | [First Timers Guide](https://github.com/the-ethan-hunt/first-timers-guide)           | [SciRuby Examples](https://github.com/the-ethan-hunt/sciruby-examples) (Ruby, Machine Learning, Natural Processing Language)             | [Awesome Easter Eggs](https://github.com/the-ethan-hunt/awesome-easter-eggs)(General Programming)                   |
| Pranit Bauva                      | [Git](http://github.com/git/git) (Shell, C)                                      |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Athitya Kumar                     | [DashVis](https://github.com/athityakumar/dashvis) (Rails, Ruby on Rails)                       | [Coloris](https://github.com/athityakumar/colorls)(Ruby)                        |[TV Series](https://github.com/athityakumar/tvseries)(Ruby)                                |
| Himanshu Kumar                    | [Address Validation](https://github.com/himanshukumar660/Address-Validation) (JavaScript)        | [Oxnary](https://github.com/himanshukumar660/Oxnary)(JavaScript)                     | [Vessel Tracking](https://github.com/himanshukumar660/Vessel-Tracking)(JavaScript)                    |
| Aniq Ur Rahman                    | [Meme Retrieval Engine](https://github.com/Aniq55/MemeFinder)(Python, Machine Learning, Image Processing, Natural Language Processing, Shell Scripting)                          |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Pritom Mazumdar                   | [Password Storage](https://github.com/Pritom14/Password-Storage)(JAVA, Android)                   | [Profile Changer](https://github.com/Pritom14/Profile-Changer)(JAVA, Android)                    | [GPS](https://github.com/Pritom14/Gps)(JAVA, Android)                                         |
| Meet Udeshi                       | [Fast Playlist](https://github.com/udiboy1209/fast_playlist)(JavaScript, HTML)                    | [Fractal Creator](https://github.com/udiboy1209/fractal-creator)(Python)                  |                                                                         |
| Sangi Naveen Kumar                | [PiZilla](https://github.com/nkprince007/pizilla)(Express, ReactJS)                         | [muZic](https://github.com/nkprince007/muzic-electron)(Node.js, electron, React.js, Redux)                  | [Mentor's list of repositories](https://github.com/nkprince007/)                                         |
| Kenneth Benoit                    | [Quanteda](http://github.com/quanteda/quanteda)(Machine Learning, R)                            | [readtext](http://github.com/quanteda/readtext)(Quanteda, R, Text Encoding)                            |                                                                         |
| Siddharth Kannan                  | [Rubik's Cube Timer of Command Line](https://github.com/icyflame/cli-cube-timer)(NodeJS)                    | [cutouts](https://github.com/icyflame/cutouts)(Ruby, Ruby on Rails)                            | [Awesome Social Science](https://github.com/icyflame/awesome-social-science)(Social Science)                      |
| Nikhil Kumar Singh                | [PDF Audio Reader](https://github.com/nikhilkumarsingh/PDF_AUDIO_READER)(Python)           |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Mayank Gupta                      | [Alchem](https://github.com/alchemsynergy/alchem)(JAVA, SQL)                        |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Ashris Choudhury                  | [ArchDraw](https://github.com/iashris/archdraw)(p5js, jsfeat)                            | [Sky of Thoughts](https://github.com/iashris/skyofthoughts.github.io)(HTML, JavaScript)            |                                                                         |
| Mazbaul Alam                      | [Projectv](https://github.com/Mazbaul/projectv)(LARAVEL, PHP)                            | [Event Reservation](https://github.com/Mazbaul/Event_reservation)(JavaScript, JSON)                   | [Online Learning and Course Management System](https://github.com/Mazbaul/Online-Learning-And-Course-Management-System)(JavaScript, JSON) |
| Alexey Bokov                      | Project not yet updated                |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Iury de Oliveira Gomes Figueiredo | [Sukhoi](https://github.com/iogf/sukhoi)(Python)                                 | [vy](https://github.com/iogf/vy)(Python)                                     | [crocs](https://github.com/iogf/crocs)(Python)                                           |
| Abhinav Jain                      | [Mentor's list of repositories](https://github.com/AbhinavJain13)(Machine Learning, Python, Data Science, PHP, JavaScript)                               |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Raphael Carubbi Neto              | [Carrubi.Cards](https://github.com/rcarubbi/Carubbi.Cards )(C#)                     | [Carrubi.Components](https://github.com/rcarubbi/Carubbi.Components)(C#)                 | [Carrubi.Package Tracker](https://github.com/rcarubbi/Carubbi.PackageTracker)(C#)                      |
| Durgesh                           | Project not yet updated                                                            |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Prateek Chanda                    | [Code, Sleep, Python](https://github.com/prateekiiest/Code-Sleep-Python)(Python)              |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Amar Lakshya                      | [focusTV](https://github.com/amar-laksh/focusTV)(OpenCV, Python)                          | [Workstation](https://github.com/amar-laksh/workstation)(HTML)                      |                                                                         |
| Adnan Kičin                       | [BuVRek](https://github.com/TheAdnan/BuVRek)(Three.js, A-Frame)                             | [Kirbas 100000](https://github.com/TheAdnan/Kirbas-100000)(HTML, JavaScript)                      | [Hadith of The Day](https://github.com/TheAdnan/hadith-of-the-day)(Python, Webextension)                           |
| Raghav Dua                        | [Solium](https://github.com/duaraghav8/Solium)(Blockchain, JavaScript, Solidity, Ethereum)                           |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Samundra Khatri                   | [Thekdar](https://github.com/samundrak/thekdar)(JavaScript)                           | [Packception](https://github.com/samundrak/packception)(NodeJS)                       | [Application Development Kit](https://github.com/samundrak/Facebook-Application-Development-Kit)(PHP)       |
| Ashish Waghmare                   | [Udhari](https://github.com/talcrafts/udhari)(Java, Android)                            |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Ashutosh Trivedi                  | [Voice Chain](https://github.com/codeAshu/voice-chain)(Blockchain)                        | [Minimum Feedback Vertex Set](https://github.com/codeAshu/fvs)(Genetic Algorithm)                                | [ABMS Panic Evacuation](https://github.com/codeAshu/ABMS-Panic-Evacuation)(JAVA)                       |
| Kuldeep Pisda                     | [angularClientDjango](https://github.com/kdpisda/angularClientDjango)(TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML)                 | [Django Server for Angular Client](https://github.com/kdpisda/djangoServerForAngularClient ) (Python)      |                                                                         |
| Mario García                      | [Community Event Platform](https://github.com/mattdark/community-event-platform)(CSS, JavaScript)| [Math Function](https://github.com/mattdark/math-function)(Python)                      |                                                                         |
| Sepand Haghighi                   | [CSV2YAML](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/csv2yaml)(Python, JSON, YAML, Pickle)                     | [CSV2Latex](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/csv2latex)(Python, Latex)                    | [Telecheck](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/telecheck)(Python)                             |
| Mohamed Ahmed Rashad              | [Simplex](https://github.com/MohammedRashad/Simplex)(C)| [Donne](https://github.com/MohammedRashad/Donne)(Android, JAVA)                        | [RoboX](https://github.com/MohammedRashad/RoboX)(Java, Robotics)                                 |
| Abhay Rana /  Nemo                | [Standalone API for IFSC Codes](https://github.com/razorpay/ifsc-api/)(JSON, Ruby)                          | [IFSC Codes Repository](https://github.com/razorpay/ifsc)(Ruby, PHP)                               | [Concierge](https://github.com/razorpay/concierge)(AVS, PHP, Networking)|
| Mubaris NK                        | [Curiosity](https://github.com/mubaris/curiosity)(JavaScript, CSS)                           | [Urban Robot](https://github.com/mubaris/urban-robot)(Python)                         | [Aurora](https://github.com/gostudent/aurora)(GO Programming Language)                                     |
| Vinay Khobragade                  | [Surface](https://github.com/feat7/Surface)(PHP)                               | [React Native Firebase Authentication](https://github.com/feat7/rnf-auth)(Redux)                              | [Meetings Manager](https://github.com/feat7/meetings-manager)(PHP)                               |
| Carlos Toxtli                     |[Account Provisioning for Google Apps]( https://github.com/google/account-provisioning-for-google-apps)(Java, Android) | [Bots Workflow Designer](https://github.com/toxtli/bots-workflow-designer)(HTML, JavaScript, Python)               | [Facebook Chat API](https://github.com/Schmavery/facebook-chat-api                          )(NodeJS)|
| Sébastien Celles                  | [ExtensibleScheduler](https://github.com/scls19fr/ExtensibleScheduler.jl/)(Julia)            | [DataReaders](https://github.com/JuliaDataReaders/DataReaders.jl)(Julia)                  |                                                                         |

Commit message:

Added a mentor. Added online to the event!

README.md, after:

## Cluster Innovation Centre's Month of Code

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/duskybomb/CMoC/blob/master/Beta_white.png?raw=true" width ="512px" height ="auto">
</h1>

Cluster Innovation Centre's Month of Code, CMoC for short, is an online coding program organised by HashInclude, IT Society of Cluster Innovation Centre to celebrate open source, as well as guide students for the Google's Annual Programme, Google Summer of Code.

### Timeline  
  
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      10 January- 18 January
    </td>
    <td>
      Mentor Registration 
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <strike>20 January</strike>
      21 January
    </td>
    <td>
      Final Mentor List displayed
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <strike>20 January </strike> 21 January  - 28 January
    </td>
    <td>
      Student Registration  
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      01 February - 13 February 
    </td>
    <td>
      First half of coding period and distribution of resources for GSoC
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      14 February
    </td>
    <td>
      Mid-Term evaluation and Valentine's day surprize!
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      15 February - 28 February
    </td>
    <td>
      Second half of coding period and further mentoring for GSoC
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      01 March - 05 March
    </td>
    <td>
      Wrap up weekend with release of best performances, and an ending note
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
  

### Objectives

The objectives of this program are, 

•  Introduce students to Free and Open Source Software.

•  Inculcate good coding habits in the students.

•  Teach the students about the required tools, such as GitHub. 

•  Connect students to experienced GSoC developers who act as a mentor and guide them during this one month.

•  Preparing them for the Google Summer of Code! 

•  To revive or rejuvenate open source projects.


### Manuals 

The mentor manual can be found [ here ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U3g5JEL70MWFSpdk864NgAA_21gkbUV2/view?usp=sharing).  
The student manual can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aZLLrRGyHBTnkwhpXNhZgAZmEliN7xPZ/view?usp=sharing)

### Registration

Mentor Registration closed!  

For students, register [here!](https://goo.gl/forms/Ri0VMYBDappWpC1p1) 

### List of Projects available

| Mentor                              | Project 1                                                      | Project 2                                                      | Project 3                                                               |
|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Ankit Jain                        |[Open Chat](https://github.com/ankitjain28may/openchat) (PHP)                   | [Social Media Review Platform](https://github.com/ankitjain28may/Social-Media-Review-Platform) (PHP) | [Code Pad](https://github.com/ncs-jss/Code-Pad) (PHP)                                    |
| Yash Nisar                        | [Coala Bears](https://github.com/coala/coala-bears) (Python, JAVA, C)                          | [Coala](https://github.com/coala/coala) (Python)                                  |                                                                         |
| Ankit Kumar                       | [Alchem](https://github.com/alchemsynergy/alchem) (JAVA)                       | [Helpline Services](https://github.com/Ankitkumar94/Helpline-Services) (JAVA)             |                                                                         |
| Sushil Khanchi                    | [Smvdu Algorithms](https://github.com/khanchi97/Smvdu-Algos) (C++, C, Python, JAVA)                      |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Dhruv Apte                        | [First Timers Guide](https://github.com/the-ethan-hunt/first-timers-guide)           | [SciRuby Examples](https://github.com/the-ethan-hunt/sciruby-examples) (Ruby, Machine Learning, Natural Processing Language)             | [Awesome Easter Eggs](https://github.com/the-ethan-hunt/awesome-easter-eggs)(General Programming)                   |
| Pranit Bauva                      | [Git](http://github.com/git/git) (Shell, C)                                      |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Athitya Kumar                     | [DashVis](https://github.com/athityakumar/dashvis) (Rails, Ruby on Rails)                       | [Coloris](https://github.com/athityakumar/colorls)(Ruby)                        |[TV Series](https://github.com/athityakumar/tvseries)(Ruby)                                |
| Himanshu Kumar                    | [Address Validation](https://github.com/himanshukumar660/Address-Validation) (JavaScript)        | [Oxnary](https://github.com/himanshukumar660/Oxnary)(JavaScript)                     | [Vessel Tracking](https://github.com/himanshukumar660/Vessel-Tracking)(JavaScript)                    |
| Aniq Ur Rahman                    | [Meme Retrieval Engine](https://github.com/Aniq55/MemeFinder)(Python, Machine Learning, Image Processing, Natural Language Processing, Shell Scripting)                          |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Pritom Mazumdar                   | [Password Storage](https://github.com/Pritom14/Password-Storage)(JAVA, Android)                   | [Profile Changer](https://github.com/Pritom14/Profile-Changer)(JAVA, Android)                    | [GPS](https://github.com/Pritom14/Gps)(JAVA, Android)                                         |
| Meet Udeshi                       | [Fast Playlist](https://github.com/udiboy1209/fast_playlist)(JavaScript, HTML)                    | [Fractal Creator](https://github.com/udiboy1209/fractal-creator)(Python)                  |                                                                         |
| Sangi Naveen Kumar                | [PiZilla](https://github.com/nkprince007/pizilla)(Express, ReactJS)                         | [muZic](https://github.com/nkprince007/muzic-electron)(Node.js, electron, React.js, Redux)                  | [Mentor's list of repositories](https://github.com/nkprince007/)                                         |
| Kenneth Benoit                    | [Quanteda](http://github.com/quanteda/quanteda)(Machine Learning, R)                            | [readtext](http://github.com/quanteda/readtext)(Quanteda, R, Text Encoding)                            |                                                                         |
| Siddharth Kannan                  | [Rubik's Cube Timer of Command Line](https://github.com/icyflame/cli-cube-timer)(NodeJS)                    | [cutouts](https://github.com/icyflame/cutouts)(Ruby, Ruby on Rails)                            | [Awesome Social Science](https://github.com/icyflame/awesome-social-science)(Social Science)                      |
| Nikhil Kumar Singh                | [PDF Audio Reader](https://github.com/nikhilkumarsingh/PDF_AUDIO_READER)(Python)           |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Mayank Gupta                      | [Alchem](https://github.com/alchemsynergy/alchem)(JAVA, SQL)                        |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Ashris Choudhury                  | [ArchDraw](https://github.com/iashris/archdraw)(p5js, jsfeat)                            | [Sky of Thoughts](https://github.com/iashris/skyofthoughts.github.io)(HTML, JavaScript)            |                                                                         |
| Mazbaul Alam                      | [Projectv](https://github.com/Mazbaul/projectv)(LARAVEL, PHP)                            | [Event Reservation](https://github.com/Mazbaul/Event_reservation)(JavaScript, JSON)                   | [Online Learning and Course Management System](https://github.com/Mazbaul/Online-Learning-And-Course-Management-System)(JavaScript, JSON) |
| Alexey Bokov                      | Project not yet updated                |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Iury de Oliveira Gomes Figueiredo | [Sukhoi](https://github.com/iogf/sukhoi)(Python)                                 | [vy](https://github.com/iogf/vy)(Python)                                     | [crocs](https://github.com/iogf/crocs)(Python)                                           |
| Abhinav Jain                      | [Mentor's list of repositories](https://github.com/AbhinavJain13)(Machine Learning, Python, Data Science, PHP, JavaScript)                               |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Raphael Carubbi Neto              | [Carrubi.Cards](https://github.com/rcarubbi/Carubbi.Cards )(C#)                     | [Carrubi.Components](https://github.com/rcarubbi/Carubbi.Components)(C#)                 | [Carrubi.Package Tracker](https://github.com/rcarubbi/Carubbi.PackageTracker)(C#)                      |
| Durgesh                           | Project not yet updated                                                            |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Prateek Chanda                    | [Code, Sleep, Python](https://github.com/prateekiiest/Code-Sleep-Python)(Python)              |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Amar Lakshya                      | [focusTV](https://github.com/amar-laksh/focusTV)(OpenCV, Python)                          | [Workstation](https://github.com/amar-laksh/workstation)(HTML)                      |                                                                         |
| Adnan Kičin                       | [BuVRek](https://github.com/TheAdnan/BuVRek)(Three.js, A-Frame)                             | [Kirbas 100000](https://github.com/TheAdnan/Kirbas-100000)(HTML, JavaScript)                      | [Hadith of The Day](https://github.com/TheAdnan/hadith-of-the-day)(Python, Webextension)                           |
| Raghav Dua                        | [Solium](https://github.com/duaraghav8/Solium)(Blockchain, JavaScript, Solidity, Ethereum)                           |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Samundra Khatri                   | [Thekdar](https://github.com/samundrak/thekdar)(JavaScript)                           | [Packception](https://github.com/samundrak/packception)(NodeJS)                       | [Application Development Kit](https://github.com/samundrak/Facebook-Application-Development-Kit)(PHP)       |
| Ashish Waghmare                   | [Udhari](https://github.com/talcrafts/udhari)(Java, Android)                            |                                                                |                                                                         |
| Ashutosh Trivedi                  | [Voice Chain](https://github.com/codeAshu/voice-chain)(Blockchain)                        | [Minimum Feedback Vertex Set](https://github.com/codeAshu/fvs)(Genetic Algorithm)                                | [ABMS Panic Evacuation](https://github.com/codeAshu/ABMS-Panic-Evacuation)(JAVA)                       |
| Kuldeep Pisda                     | [angularClientDjango](https://github.com/kdpisda/angularClientDjango)(TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML)                 | [Django Server for Angular Client](https://github.com/kdpisda/djangoServerForAngularClient ) (Python)      |                                                                         |
| Mario García                      | [Community Event Platform](https://github.com/mattdark/community-event-platform)(CSS, JavaScript)| [Math Function](https://github.com/mattdark/math-function)(Python)                      |                                                                         |
| Sepand Haghighi                   | [CSV2YAML](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/csv2yaml)(Python, JSON, YAML, Pickle)                     | [CSV2Latex](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/csv2latex)(Python, Latex)                    | [Telecheck](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/telecheck)(Python)                             |
| Mohamed Ahmed Rashad              | [Simplex](https://github.com/MohammedRashad/Simplex)(C)| [Donne](https://github.com/MohammedRashad/Donne)(Android, JAVA)                        | [RoboX](https://github.com/MohammedRashad/RoboX)(Java, Robotics)                                 |
| Abhay Rana /  Nemo                | [Standalone API for IFSC Codes](https://github.com/razorpay/ifsc-api/)(JSON, Ruby)                          | [IFSC Codes Repository](https://github.com/razorpay/ifsc)(Ruby, PHP)                               | [Concierge](https://github.com/razorpay/concierge)(AVS, PHP, Networking)|
| Mubaris NK                        | [Curiosity](https://github.com/mubaris/curiosity)(JavaScript, CSS)                           | [Urban Robot](https://github.com/mubaris/urban-robot)(Python)                         | [Aurora](https://github.com/gostudent/aurora)(GO Programming Language)                                     |
| Vinay Khobragade                  | [Surface](https://github.com/feat7/Surface)(PHP)                               | [React Native Firebase Authentication](https://github.com/feat7/rnf-auth)(Redux)                              | [Meetings Manager](https://github.com/feat7/meetings-manager)(PHP)                               |
| Carlos Toxtli                     |[Account Provisioning for Google Apps]( https://github.com/google/account-provisioning-for-google-apps)(Java, Android) | [Bots Workflow Designer](https://github.com/toxtli/bots-workflow-designer)(HTML, JavaScript, Python)               | [Facebook Chat API](https://github.com/Schmavery/facebook-chat-api                          )(NodeJS)|
| Sébastien Celles                  | [ExtensibleScheduler](https://github.com/scls19fr/ExtensibleScheduler.jl/)(Julia)            | [DataReaders](https://github.com/JuliaDataReaders/DataReaders.jl)(Julia)                  |                                                                         |
| Vipul Goyal                  | [Alchem](https://github.com/alchemsynergy/alchem)(Java)            |                   |                                                                         |
